Welcome to Toleco!

Toleco is a turn-based strategy game featuring cavemen.

Getting Started:
   1. Click "New Game".
   2. Select the map you wish to play from the file chooser.
   3. Click "Load" to load the game.

Playing a Turn:
   1. The player currently taking their turn is denoted by the color of the background
      for the buttons. The color matches the emblems of that player's units.
   2. To find out more about any location on the map, simply click on it and all
      relevant information will be displayed in the status pane.
   3. A player may move or attack with as few or as many of their units as they choose
      each turn
   4. If a unit uses up all of its available moves and has attacked, it will turn grey
      to indicate that it can perform no further actions.
   5. When you are finished with your turn, click "End Turn" and pass the controls over
      to your opponent.

Movement:
   1. Select the unit you wish to move.
   2. Use the arrow keys to tell the selected unit in which direction to move.
   3. Each move costs the unit movement points based on the movement cost of the terrain.
   4. When a unit runs out of movement points, it can no longer move.

Combat:
   1. Select the unit you wish to move.
   2. Click the "Attack" button.
   3. All enemy units that are within range will be highlighted in red.
   4. Click the unit that you want to attack or click "Cancel" if you have changed
      your mind.
   5. The attacking unit will deal its damage first and then the defending unit will
      counter-attack if it is also in range.

Attack Types VS. Defense Types

+ = Super Effective
0 = Neutral
- = Not Very Effective

       Padded   Hide    Bone
Pierce|   +   |   -   |   0   |
Maul  |   0   |   +   |   -   |
Crush |   -   |   0   |   +   |

Winning:
   To win the game, you must kill all of the opposing player's cavemen

Saving:
   1. If at any point you wish to save the game, click "Save" and enter a
      name for your saved game.
   2. To load a saved game later, click "Load" from the main menu and choose
      the game you want to resume.

Map Editor:
   1. If you want to edit an existing map, click "Map Editor" from the main menu.
   2. Select the map you want and click "Edit"
   3. To place a unit, select the unit type and player on the tool pane and simply
      click on the location where you want to place it.
   4. To place a terrain, switch to the terrain tab of the tool pane, select the
      desired terrain type, and click the grid location where you want to place it.
   5. Placing a unit overwrites any unit at the clicked location and placing a terrain
      will overwrite both the unit and the terrain with just the new terrain.

